[Music]
first things first any man here wants to
walk away can do so knowing they're the
best of us there's gotta be now there is
no ground support energy to sustain
we're walking out with make no mistake
about it you guys need to own the fact
if we do not have the flag on our
shoulder you cannot go back to your
normal life after tonight everything
we've done for the last 17 years nothing
to show for it
you've been shot five times for your
country and you can't even afford to
send your kids to college if we'd
accomplished the things that we've
accomplished than any other profession
we set for life I'm your master the
question is do we finally get to use our
skills for our own benefit we're gonna
get Gabrielle my team over half he's got
over 75 million dollars in cash if
you're not going forever after you make
your move
we are dead we need to hunt quickly
you can update they will find us
it's always a little hard and you think
it's gonna be
don't be nervous like that
is this not what I signed up for a lot
of people are gonna come after you so it
goes through
you
[Music]